Master Qin, I finally look forward to your return.
Long time no see, Dean Li
Ha ha.
You are not Director Wang of the Institute of Electronics
Dean Yang, this is Sun Biyan for you, Dean Wang
Why would these people come to welcome Qin Feng?
What the hell is going on with Qingfeng?
So let me introduce you.
This is my lover, Duan Mengxue
These people respected Qin Feng's bow and arrow one by one
What is Qin Feng's identity?
Hello Mr. Duan
Long heard of it?
Chief Qin has always mentioned you to me over the years.
To be with you
He even
Even the reputation of the chief engineer of the National Academy of Sciences
You can do it or not.
Haha, chief engineer of the National Academy of Sciences
Ex-husband for me
He actually gave up his name as the chief engineer of the Academy of Sciences
This guy is too strict
Yeah how
Has Chief Teacher Qin never been calm with you, mother?
What is the National Academy of Sciences?
What is the chief engineer?
Is it awesome?
Hahahaha
Baby, National Academy of Sciences
It's about doing interesting things.
As for the chief engineer?
Of course that's awesome.
There are more than one billion people in China
Only your father is only a chief engineer.